Moondream Detection API (#136)
GetStream/Vision-Agents: plugins/moondream/README.md

# Moondream Plugin

This plugin provides Moondream 3 detection capabilities for vision-agents, enabling real-time zero-shot object detection on video streams. Choose between cloud-hosted or local processing depending on your needs.

## Installation

```bash
uv add vision-agents-plugins-moondream
```

## Choosing the Right Processor

### CloudDetectionProcessor (Recommended for Most Users)
- **Use when:** You want a simple setup with no infrastructure management
- **Pros:** No model download, no GPU required, automatic updates
- **Cons:** Requires API key, 2 RPS rate limit by default (can be increased)
- **Best for:** Development, testing, low-to-medium volume applications

### LocalDetectionProcessor (For Advanced Users)
- **Use when:** You need higher throughput, have your own GPU infrastructure, or want to avoid rate limits
- **Pros:** No rate limits, no API costs, full control over hardware
- **Cons:** Requires GPU for best performance, model download on first use, infrastructure management
- **Best for:** Production deployments, high-volume applications, Digital Ocean Gradient AI GPUs, or custom infrastructure

## Quick Start

### Using CloudDetectionProcessor (Hosted)

> The `CloudDetectionProcessor` uses Moondream's hosted API. By default it has a 2rps (requests per second) rate limit and requires an API key. The rate limit can be adjusted by contacting the Moondream team to request a higher limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `CloudDetectionProcessor` uses Moondream's hosted API. By default it has a 2 RPS (requests per second) rate limit and requires an API key. The rate limit can be adjusted by contacting the Moondream team to request a higher limit.
```
